Potstickers at Midnight - Episode 3
Cereal Righters, 2020.12.02

Summary: Wednesday night dinner at Jess’ parents’ house

Freewrite:

Loud, fun, chaotic family dinner night. Jess is an only child and is close to her parents, Jennifer and Jacob. Jennifer was a stay-at-home mom, and eventually started an online business selling custom crocheted items. Jacob was a history teacher at Heartsburg High, until he retired last year. The couple had started their family later in life due to health issues Jennifer had in her twenties. They met in college (Jennifer was an English major and had always planned to teach), but she began developing symptoms of lupus due to the stress of her studies and didn’t finish. She suffered kidney failure and needed a transplant their senior year. They were married in the hospital just before she went into surgery. He finished his degree while she finished recovering in the hospital. They went to the Florida Keys for their honeymoon after graduation and she got out of the hospital.

He started off teaching in Columbia, but they didn’t like the “city” life (they were both from rural parts - him from SC, her from GA), so he took a pay cut and they moved to the first rural school that was hiring (Heartsburg). They eventually had Jess in their late 20’s and, though he was eligible for state retirement over a decade ago, Jacob finally decided to take his Social Security retirement at age 62 and look into a new career online and studying local history for the Historical Society in town.

Jess will get the skinny on Van. He’s been in Raleigh, NC for the past 10 years. He got a business degree from USC in Columbia, then moved to Raleigh for a job. He decided he didn’t like working for someone else, so went to night classes to get a real estate license so he could work for himself. He married a girl in Raleigh, but she expected bigger city life. She left him after clearing the joint bank account, so he sold his house in Raleigh and moved back home. His parents had recently passed away, and he and his brother had inherited the family home. He hasn’t decided yet if he’s going to stay or not, but he has continued his business from a distance (with the help of assistants and underlings).

Jess will also hear about the recent construction at the Williams Plantation outside of town. Jacob will fill her in on the local history regarding the property.