20200325 Potstickers at Midnight - Episode 2
By Mandi Aumann
Blogger: https://cerealrighter.blogspot.com/2020/03/potstickers-at-midnight-episode-2.html 
WattPad:

As far as Chamber of Commerce meetings go, today's was no different. She half-listened to the speaker as she set out the trays of food.
Kyle set out the disposable dishes and organized the drinks from the venue's kitchen. They didn't talk much - didn't have to, since this was not their first time around. Kyle had only been working with her for six months, but he was bright and ambitious. Her parents had recommended him for the job when they heard he was in the culinary program at the local tech school. They had watched him grow up in their neighborhood and seen him mature as he exercised his entrepreneurial muscles cutting grass for the neighborhood seniors. He always showed up on time, and never changed his prices, which were low for the fixed-income retirees.
Jess fell into a zone as she moved. The guests began to file into the serving line and the volume in the room became deafening with the din of general conversation. She scooped, served, and smiled in her usual routine. Some commented on the food as they passed, thanking her ahead of time. She nodded in acknowledgement. Others passed in complete oblivion - neither addressing the food or acknowledging her existence. She didn't mind. There were always people who thought they were too good for the "help."
After the line passed, Jess set about tidying up and clearing empty trays. She turned and almost ran smack into Felicity with a pan full of green beans.
"Jess! So sorry I sneaked up on you like that. I thought you saw me move, but you've been all starry-eyed since you got here."
"I have not, Felicity." Jess rolled her eyes at her friend. "At least I wouldn't call it starry-eyed. Just day-dreaming, I suppose." Jess had still not been able to shake her thoughts about her divorce.
"Well, you can fill me in at lunch tomorrow, huh? Where would you like to eat?"
"I had planned to text you this afternoon. How about Davidson's?"
Felicity's face brightened. "Ooo, those servers are hunky, aren't they? One o'clock work for you?"
Jess agreed and Felicity moved off. They had been friends since elementary school. Always on the prowl for new acquaintances, Felicity didn't stay too long in one place at gatherings. It wasn't that she hunted for romantic relationships. She just thrived on all relationships. Her day wasn't complete unless she met at least one new person every day. Her passion for networking made her very successful at her job as Director of the Arts Museum.
Of course, it also, at times, made her a terrible friend. Her quest for new acquaintances often meant she had to meet the same person several times to remember them.
"Ready for the desserts, Jess?" Kyle appeared at her shoulder, like a ninja.
"Great job reading the crowd, Kyle. They'll be milling by for sweets any time now. Start with the petits-fours and fruit trays. We'll use the cookies later, if we need to."
Kyle disappeared as quickly as he'd come as Jess continued closing up the Sterno warmers and making room on the tables for the dessert platters. Her mind was already on the meeting with Felicity tomorrow. A Chinese New Year celebration could mean all kinds of neat dishes. Lots of finger foods, if it was meant to be a cocktail party. Felicity had a knack for planning lavish balls and fundraisers and this would be no different.
"Excuse me, Jess?" a soft tenor voice pierced her thoughts.
She looked up to the most surprising eyes she had ever seen, and yet there was something slightly familiar about them.
"Jess, it is you! It's great to have you back in town! How long have you been back?" the eyes said. They were a rich gold color, with streaks of milk-chocolate brown radiating from the iris. The eyelashes that framed them were a mix of the same colors.
She shook her head to loosen her tongue. "I've been back about five years," she whispered. Her throat had tightened as she studied his face. "I'm sorry," she cleared her throat to reclaim some authority in her voice, "do I know you?"
"Sorry, didn't occur to me you wouldn't remember me. Donovan Marshall. We were in school together?" He stuck out his hand for a shake and Jess stared at it before snapping her gaze back to his face.
"Donny Marshall?" shock seeping through her veins as she took his hand. It was warm and firm, and nothing like she remembered of her old boyfriend. How could she have not recognized him? Had he changed that much?
"I go by Van now. A little more respectable in the real estate market. Only been back to town a few months myself, but boy is it good to see you, Jess."
They engaged in more small talk and exchanged phone numbers. Her mind worked tirelessly to reconcile the self-conscious soccer player she had known in high school with the confident thirty-something real estate agent before her now. His six-foot frame still towered over her petite five-foot-two build, but his sandy hair had turned millions of shades of brown and blonde, instead of the plain mousy color of his youth. He had barely developed facial hair in his teens, and his skin was soft and smooth despite his active outdoor lifestyle. Now, his beard shadowed golden skin and strong cheekbones that curved into a firm jawline and round chin.
She continued to stare after him as he walked away, admiring the fit form of his body, so different, and yet the same as it was before.
Ninja-in-training Kyle appeared at her shoulder again. "Are you done with that, or are you planning on recycling it by hand?" he teased, gesturing at the piece of foil she had been massaging in her hand.
"What? Oh, I'm done with it. Let's get this wrapped up, huh?"
The meeting had dwindled while she chatted with Van - Van, she mused. Even the name gave her goosebumps.